and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business growth show i'm your host sam
dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet check out our
weekly email where we share actual
marketing tips useful podcasts free
guides bonus resources and much much
more each and every monday to start your
week off with a bank you can sign up
over at businessgrowth.email
so with that said my guest today is tara
robertson tara's a b2b marketer over in
toronto she's got 10 years of sas
marketing experience and she runs demand
gen over at chili piper tara welcome to
the show how are you doing
hi sam thank you so much for having me
no worries you're looking for a long
time coming
it certainly has yeah but a lot of back
and forth scheduling but grad glad to
finally get stuck in we're talking about
a topic that's very close to i think my
heart as well as yours we're talking all
about how to convert more of those juicy
sales leads with your b2b
website
so really looking forward to chatting
all things b2b lee jennings this is
pretty much all i ramble on about on
linkedin and the podcast almost every
episode so
it's going to be fun so with that said
let's let's start with a bit of a funny
one um
why do so many b2b websites fail you
think tara when it comes to actually
generating a steady flow of inbound
leads for their sales team
i think the biggest thing that i see
constantly is just no focus on what the
buyer gets out of it or what's in it for
them
it's very much here's our offer here's
what we want you to do here's what we
would like you to fill out but why it's
really just thinking about why should
someone care enough to whether it's
filling out your form getting your
content reading your blog
it's just very self-serving and i think
that's changing a lot but that's
something that kind of rubs people the
wrong way but you see it a lot in b2b
yeah yeah yeah i mean it's something you
see all the time right so it's like
when i might land on a b2b website and
perhaps straight away maybe i've clicked
an ad or maybe i've seen them on organic
listing or found them on social whatever
route i've come to actually
climb a stumble across their website
perhaps the headline is something like
we're award-winning or we're 30 years in
business or we're or the founders story
sometimes yeah that's it that's it or
we've just received this round of
funding it's um
is this the kind of thing we're talking
about really where you're not really
emphasizing perhaps what your buyers
interested in
right i think the funding one is one
example that you see a lot where it's
hey we raised 150 million but
what does that mean if i'm a new buyer
i'm not even a customer yet why should i
care about that and what does that mean
for me so just trying to think back of
if you were new to this website what
would you care about and what would
really
kind of what would sell you essentially
because b2b is
we're just selling each other things all
the time so you should think about how
you want to be sold
yeah yeah i certainly agree in terms of
that sort of things do you think
building
building websites for buyers is down to
the actual messaging you use so we've
mentioned that kind of your home page
headline and not necessarily focusing on
the funding round you just got but more
about kind of the value and how you
actually help your buyers perhaps get
from a to z or fix a certain problem
that they care about is it just the
messaging or from your experience is
there quite a wider range of things on
your site that actually affect that to
make you more let's say buyer centric
and focus on helping them
i think i mean from my perspective
messaging is number one it doesn't
really matter to me what your website
looks like which i probably shouldn't
say that because our designers won't be
happy but for me it's all about like
what what do you want me to take away
from reading your website so for me
that's number one um and the best
headlines i've seen are actually in the
customer's voice whether it's
a quote from a customer that was able to
do something that they couldn't do
before using your tool or
one thing that we've been doing a lot is
listening to gong calls and actually
pulling out customer quotes and using
those and things like our ads to get
people's attention and it's just very
different when you use that customer
voice versus
here's what our ceo has to say or here's
what our marketing team thinks you'll
care about
yeah yeah yeah that's interesting so um
on that point of view
does that mean we're using kind of
actual words that the customers
say on let's say sales calls to describe
our product or our service and how it's
helping them
ideally yes if you get their permission
and you can another way to source those
quotes is through something like a cab
so we have customer advisory board
meetings and we actually you can run
messaging by them but you can also use
them as
kind of a brainstorming session and
figure out how would you phrase this
problem because we know how or sometimes
you're a bit too close to it when it's
your website right so we know how we
would explain this but
it's great to hear it from a customer
who's been
in that place and solved it with your
tool
yeah no that's that's really nice i mean
there's there's so many gold nuggets
that you can pick up from your sales
team right um
and
actual customer calls i guess it's kind
of rather than relying on what you think
is going to resonate or what you hope
will work in terms of your messaging and
we can talk about this in a bit in terms
of the design and some of the key pages
but if you actually know what your
customers care about or the common
problems that they're bringing to your
sales team why not leverage that in your
messaging address that in your pages so
then you you're pretty sure it's going
to resonate if a lot of your customers
are asking these things right right i
mean you can make assumptions but it's
better to put it in there words wherever
you can
definitely and on that note i don't know
if you've seen this
much tara but something that frustrates
me a lot is jargon so on the note of
messaging like and this this can apply
to
website headlines or it can apply to
information later in your site or on
your about page and it's like we're a
cutting edge provider that brings like
the world's advanced 360 analytical
system to your fingertips and it's like
well i've been on your website for three
minutes so far and i still have no idea
what you actually do
right i think it's hard right because as
i said you're so close to it so you
think well we know what 360
provider of information means but no one
else knows what that means so that's
where being closer with your customers
can help because you can run this kind
of shiny new headline by them and see
what they think of it
and often you're not going to get great
answers in something like a survey but
when you have say an hour a month with
your cab they they're incentivized to
give you that feedback because they want
it to be a productive conversation right
yeah yeah yeah um
have you
we might have covered this just now but
in terms of kind of the the home page in
general have you got any top tips to i
guess make sure your website home page
actually resonates with idle buyers and
is going to be a good hook to either
encourage people to read more or get in
touch yeah i think to your point earlier
about landing on a b2b website and
having no idea what they're trying to
say or what they do that's where product
videos can be very helpful
and
you'll see if you go to our site we
pretty much always have the product
video in the header but it's just the
cleanest way to explain
it's kind of a show don't tell thing
where you can show exactly what your
product does and how it works without
having to have
just
hundreds of characters of text on your
homepage you can just get right into it
if someone's interested so i would
definitely
lean towards doing that if you can if
you have the resources to do that and it
doesn't have to be fancy it could be
just a walkthrough video screen share
doesn't have to be super flashy but i
think those can be very effective
or again you could have a customer
explaining what they came to you to
solve
yeah
yeah yeah nice um
in terms of product demo videos
is that something you found looks so
i don't see that many sites where you
can actually like a lot of b2b sites
especially you're constantly prompted to
book the demo request a demo request the
strategy tool but not that many from my
experience anyway i actually have a
video which literally shares kind of the
main points that you might see in a demo
anyway so if you found from your
experience that that perhaps shortens
the sales cycle so when people do get in
touch they've already got a good idea of
how your product works so more likely to
buy
i don't i don't have data specifically
to back that up but i do believe it so
i i mean if you
hide things like what your product
actually does and you're forcing people
onto a demo call you're gonna get all
kinds of people that are just wasting
your sales reps time and have no idea
what you do so the more upfront you can
be
the better and maybe you'll have less
people booking a demo because they look
at it and say oh this is actually isn't
for me
but that's not a bad thing if you're
gonna lose them anyway it's better than
wasting an hour of an ace time
so
definitely oh definitely i mean there's
like you said there's kind of some
self-qualification there where someone
watches a video and says
oh this mentions that it's just for
salesforce users never mind that's not
for me and then they leave so in a way
that's kind of a blessing because you're
not wasting their time and they're going
on to a tool that's better suited for
them well that's it if you like you say
if you're forcing as many people to land
on your site to book the demo or book
the call and they're not necessarily the
best fit it's just gonna waste
everyone's time including the prospects
and your sales team so it's exactly yeah
a frustrating experience so
yes let's move this forward i mean in
terms of um
perhaps we can talk about some other
pages perhaps we can talk about some
best practices um
what would you say are some must-have
pages for a b2b site your experience
tyre sure so i know we just talked about
this earlier but we both have strong
feelings on the pricing page i think it
was a trend for a little while to hide
that page and have basically for again
forcing your prospects through that path
of book a demo to learn about the
pricing but again you're running the
risk of having people who want to spend
say five dollars on a tool that's maybe
5 000 a month and then it's your sales
team who has to kind of break the news
to them instead of giving them that
information up front so the pricing page
is one that's super important to me the
other thing that i see a lot of
companies do is have solutions kind of
broken down by the user persona or who
that main user is so in our case we sell
to a lot of say sales people and demand
gen folks but they have very different
needs or wants from a product so we
explain it from each of their
perspectives so those are a couple pages
that i think are just kind of must-haves
for b2b
yeah yeah yeah we were chatting about
this before we hit record but it's it's
something like i've even let you sir
i've even seen i've seen all sites also
all sorts of things on b2b sites
but across the spectrum but somewhere
you have a pricing page and it doesn't
even share pricing it's like
delete the page that's useless um
basically just book a demo
yeah yeah it's just a sly way of trying
to hook another lead um and then others
that just ignore it completely because
they want to drive as many leads into
their sales teams pipeline as possible
but then you think
well again it comes to the point of
wasting everyone's time probably going
to piss off your prospects because they
they want to know and it might even
deter some because they might think well
this brand or this company is not being
open and transparent about their project
rates or their service rates i'm just
going to go to a company that's more
open and gives me a quick idea of what
they do the price so i can actually
check it's in my budget and then right
you must run into that a lot on the
service side because it's such a big
range of prices right i have this
conversation all the time with a lot of
service providers and everyone's scared
to share it i mean i'll openly admit i
on our own company web choices site i
was scared to share it for a while but
then
because we invest a lot in ads we do a
lot on seo we do a lot on linkedin on
the podcast we're driving a lot of
traffic to our site we got so many
inquiries but a lot of them just
couldn't afford what we do
which
at this after a certain stage it just
burns a lot of time and there's no
having all these calls and especially
for larger organizations with people
that can never ever afford your project
product no matter what service problem
it solves
so at some stage you've got to put that
qualification in on your site so then
you can have better conversations that
are actually likely to go somewhere
right and you're in a different
situation because you're kind of your
sales team in a lot of ways so you you
get the leads but
in say my situation if we handed all of
those leads that didn't know our pricing
to know anything about the product over
to sales the first thing that would
happen is sales would say oh inbound
sucks we're not going to prioritize
we're going to go do more outbound and
ignore these and obviously as someone
who's
incentivized on pipeline and we want to
build the inbound side of the business
that's the last thing that we want so
it's a slippery slope once you start
just kind of checking over every lead
that comes to your website over to sales
yeah i don't think there's any any
anything positive to gain by hiding it
in this day and age
cool so you mentioned another section of
the site can you tell us a bit more
about that tara you see there's a
service section i didn't quite
sure so we basically some people call it
solutions some call it services or
personas um but it's basically a section
of your site that walks through how
different users use the product so for
us we have a lot of sales leaders who
use our product but that's a very
different use case than say demand gen
or marketing so we want to explain each
of those on a separate page and we can
also obviously use those pages for
things like retargeting so that if we
don't know necessarily who the visitor
is we can kind of assume that it's a
sales leader if they're looking at that
sales leader page but on the content
side it's a great place to walk through
how you specifically could use it
because obviously on your home page you
can't speak to everyone so it's a good
way to kind of narrow that messaging
down
all right so really thinking about the
actual personas that you're looking to
work with
and how certain aspects of your product
are helping them and yeah i guess and
that's where you can use that social
proof too of someone that also has say
the same title as them you can speak to
that use case very specifically
yeah yeah a few other pages i want to
chat about but social proof big one huge
one for websites often neglected as i'm
sure you'll agree um
because ultimately no one's going to get
in touch with you unless they actually
trust
that you can and do a good job of about
all your claims if you can back up your
claims with real customer talk so what
are some i guess best practices that
you've utilized yourself tara or you've
seen for social proof
sure yeah i think everybody has seen the
kind of i call it logo soup but that
section of logos that carries through
most websites um so that one is it's
very easy to implement but i think it
just helps give that stamp of approval
if you have
kind of big brands in the space using
you and that trust you like for us we
can say that airbnb and gong and shopify
use us so it's just kind of that nice
stamp of approval but again i think
having the customer's voice in there is
super important so it's not just
that these brands use us but also that
they're getting the
value and the roi out of the tool so any
way that you can quote the customer
um the better and we've also found just
using their actual headshot or their
face can help a ton just because
it just connects things and you can go
see his linkedin and you see oh he's a
real person and it just gives a little
bit more than just
that stamp of a logo it's this real
person has used this product and here's
what they saw as the result
yeah yeah yeah so i guess any company
could almost fake testimonials on a
slider and just have like a bunch of
five hopefully not and a bunch of
questions
i hope not but i'm sure there's
companies that do it so that said like
you say if you can get actual personally
i mean i don't know what the data is
behind this but i'm sure there is some
in terms of actual kind of live video
reviews where you've recorded a customer
testimonial perhaps on zoom or whatever
recording software you use and then
they've literally said look this is the
problem you came we came to you with
this is why we chose to work with you
this is how you fixed our problem this
is what life is like now this is the
return you've brought to us and this is
why we recommend
that's super powerful right because
you've literally got an ideal client
saying that so right it's not an actor
it's not
a founder or a marketer saying that it's
a real customer i don't have actual data
on that on our website but we do run
social ads that are basically that exact
format that you mentioned we interview
them over zoom
and we ask their permission to use the
video and those are some of our best
performing retargeting ads because we're
targeting people who know
a little bit about chili piper they've
been to our website but then to hear
from someone who's a user just like them
how the tool has worked just it's just a
really powerful way to connect with
leads
definitely
i don't know about you but i find it
quite difficult because a lot of my
clients don't like being in front of
camera which is fair enough not everyone
wants to do it have your team had any
experience of encouraging people to do
those reviews for you because most
people would much rather give us a
review on a review site or google or
written review than a video one
that's a great question we definitely
have more written reviews than video um
but one thing that we do is we actually
have it's usually our product marketers
that run those interview calls and
they're structured a bit more of a
feedback session and then if there are
great nuggets that we can use for video
then we ask obviously for their
permission to use that but it's not a
straight up just tell us how great we
are we want to hear really about
how they found the tool what problem
they were trying to solve and it's more
about speaking to their experience in
their specific
use case so it's not
like a testimonial ad necessarily to at
first and then we kind of can slice it
from there
go to it
yeah at the same time we've experimented
a little bit i mentioned gong earlier
we've been experimenting with literally
just using that voice recording
and getting their permission to use it
so
we have a really great one right now
where
the video it's just literally you can
hear them and we put subtitles over as
the video so it's much lower lift
because they were having that
conversation anyway there's no
worry about their face being in our ads
it's just literally their voice
and in that case they actually said like
hey we don't really want you using our
company name but you can use the
video so it's even lower
barrier to entry to start using those
clips so we have that's something that
we have our customer marketer actually
kind of minds are gone calls looking for
great testimonials there that's a smart
idea i like that okay cool um let's head
back to
some pages on the site so we've chatted
about
home page chat a bit about pricing and
service
pages
what your thoughts on the about oh go
ahead oh sorry i was going to say one
thing that we didn't talk about is the
actual book a demo page which is
probably the most important one for a
conversion
um
so one thing that we've actually tested
on ours recently we're just kind of
dipping our toes in cro and doing more
experimentation on our current website
but one thing we tried is actually
pulling in recent customer wins so
not necessarily testimonial it's not
logos it's literally just data from our
customers so
we're able to say
things like this customer's lead
response time was down to less than a
minute
125 percent increase in demos booked and
just very specific stats and we found
that that increased our conversion on
that page pretty much immediately we had
a test running for a couple weeks but it
was the clear winner
pretty soon which is great so that's one
thing i would definitely try out and
again you can use those
those stats anonymized if your customers
don't want to put their brand or their
name on it
yep so having a kind of results driven
stat based testimonial or case study on
your demo request form
exactly so i think a lot of people just
say
oh well they're on the requested demo
page they're ready but oftentimes people
landed on that page maybe it's the
second page they've seen of your website
so you still do have to sell a little
bit you can't just assume that they're
ready to book that time
i would think of it it's just come to me
actually in in this perspective as well
like
if you're a potential buyer prospect you
know the crack you know this you know
what's going to happen you know as soon
as i fill in this form
if they're a decent company a sales rep
is going to contact me pretty sharpish
pretty quickly
so probably it probably becomes a bit
daunting um and they're probably it's
probably like
the the bias potentially thinking well
do i really want to speak to another
salesperson and then i guess that
testimony or that case study kind of
puts their mind at rest so it cancels
out any
thoughts that they have whether the
decision is bad or good and they're
thinking well look
they're doing great work let's fill in
the form and take the next step
right exactly and i'm sure it's
different well maybe it's not different
now but it used to be different in other
industries but now marketers were we
know like you said as soon as you fill
out that form you're gonna get either a
calendar invite or a call from a sales
rep so you have to be pretty serious to
be taking that stuff
um one i wish i could remember who it
was but i saw a great twitter thread the
other day of someone explaining ways
that you could actually sell your demo
itself so
a lot of people focus on the demo page
and we do this too of selling the
product but selling what they actually
get out of the demo whether it's
more of a consultation type of call or
whether it's things like you will see
the product we're not going to do a
qualification just being very explicit
on that and how much time it will take
i'll have to find that it was a great
thread
but that's one thing i want to try next
on our page is really focusing on what
that call is and what they're signing up
for
what does that look like is that like a
video that shares kind of what the what
the demo call would be like or
so the thread i saw was basically just
about the copy on the page so instead of
selling
most demo pages and ours included we
sell the product at the of the day but
this is selling why you should book a
demo and kind of
adding some urgency around it so
things like
will help you
do an audit of your current processes
we'll get our instead of a sales rep i
think it was a solutions architect type
of call with someone on the op side
yeah yeah yeah it's an interesting take
i haven't seen that before that's very
interesting that's almost taking more of
an outbound perspective in the sense
that like let's say on an initial cold
call you're not trying to sell the
product right away you're trying to sign
the car
yeah you're selling the next call you're
selling the meeting the appointment so i
like that approach it's different um
something i know you you and the team at
chili piper now quite nicely is the
thank you page which is often neglected
on oh that's so nice you noticed
yeah i saw it years ago and it actually
inspired me to spice up ours um so
well that's fun i'd love to see yours
now i haven't seen it
yeah yeah it's taken some ideas from
yours for sure um but yeah i mean
a lot of a lot of sites in general that
you fill out there inquiry form their
demo form and then you're not even sure
if what's going to happen next like they
might have a tiny thank you line or it
might just refresh the page like well
i've filled in the demo request form but
i'm not really sure what happens next
so i think you guys do a great job on
your thank you page so any tips for that
next step once the demo is booked kind
of thank you page and making sure
customers are really happy with your
service sure so ours is for anyone who
hasn't seen it it's basically it's a gif
of um i think it's leonardo dicaprio
just kind of cheersing but it's very
much like celebrating like hey you did
it this is the last step you booked the
demo um so just making it super clear
what that next step is so we have a line
explaining that and then we have the fun
gif but another thing that we do with
our thank you page that i don't think
enough bb marketers take advantage of is
we have separate pages for leads that
are disqualified so right obviously we
don't want to celebrate leads in the
same way if they're disqualified but we
want to explain to them why so
right now we only work with companies
that use hubspot crm or salesforce so if
you fill out our form and you pick say
no crm or other we'll have to direct you
to a thank you page specific to that use
case or to that
um segment so we'll say
here's why we disqualified you
you don't have the serums that we use
it's very explicit of
like why we can't work with you just yet
but what will happen next
um
and then we do have some product videos
in case you want to learn a bit more but
we're just not
at the stage where we can spend our
sales reps time on those leads just
because we know they're not the best use
case for us so even if you do close it's
just not ideal um but what that enables
me to do on the demand gen side is i can
use
those page views for things like
exclusion lists we also can get a better
handle on our conversions because we're
only tracking the successful ones so
we're not tracking
everyone who fills out a form but just
the successful conversions
yeah yeah that's smart especially for
companies that are perhaps getting a lot
of traffic or a lot of inquiries
requests through their site and they
want to filter out poor fit
prospects i think that's part of the
reason why a lot of thank you page art
pages are kind of lackluster is because
they're trying to speak to everyone
people that were qualified people that
were not and then it just ends up with
this kind of muddled message that
doesn't really work for anyone
yeah i think i think they're just
neglected as well like
it's almost like you fill in some
inquiry forms and you just confuse like
did that actually go to that team and
then did they get it yeah and then also
it's like another thing i've
i've seen some companies do great is um
kind of actually be quite specific like
thanks for your message like you'll be
in i know obviously tools like chili
piper you can book the calendar tool
straight away so you know exactly when
your time of your meeting is going to be
set up so you know when the next step is
you know when your next call is but even
if you don't have these kind of tools
like you could at least say look thank
you a sales rep will be in touch within
x hours
and here's some useful resources that
you might enjoy in the meantime like
just so you're reinforcing that customer
experience so they're still thinking
like this brand's really doing their
best to kind of help and educate me
rather than just
kind of losing you at the last minute if
that makes sense
right i've definitely filled out some
forms where it just refreshes the whole
page and then you just wonder do i fill
it out again and then you fill it out
again with a different email and it's
very unclear i think some of them that
was their way of rejecting me as a lead
but it's very unclear when that happened
yeah the more explicit you can be the
better even if if you don't have that
calendar set up you can at least tell
them what to expect and
let them know that you're on it instead
of having them just go to a competitor
and figure out what the next best tool
is for them yep yeah sure and with that
said
form fields is often one that i argue
with some people about i used to think
i've run your inquiry forms like the
minimal forms possible was great but as
i've
kind of as our company's grown as
my land's grown i'm not quite of the
same thought because i want people to
put a certain amount of information to
help self-qualify them um right what are
your thoughts in terms of kind of going
for minimal forms possible or going for
as much detail because i know some
companies almost go mental with like oh
yeah first name surname first school
secondary school name of first pet and
then
it just seems i'm saying i'm joking here
but yeah i guess
some some companies it goes a bit crazy
right yeah i think it depends what your
offer is so for us we have a newsletter
subscription where all we want is your
email because it's a newsletter we don't
need anything else but i've seen some
newsletter signups where they want to
know my job title or what team i'm on
and i just what are they planning to do
with that information i don't know it
seems odd to try to qualify me if i'm
just trying to subscribe to your
newsletter so that's one case where i
think just less is better for something
like a demo you do need some way to
qualify unless your sales team is open
to speaking with every single lead out
there um yeah you do need someone to
qualify so there's a lot of tools that
can help in the background so we use
zoom info to fill in a lot of these
fields you can use something like
clearbit as well just to fill in those
fields so if that person exists in your
crm
it'll pull in things like their title
what company they're in their country
um
but other than that i would say them at
least in my experience the key ones to
know are if you need something like a
tool that they integrate with so for us
again it's that crm field if you need to
know company size for your sales reps
qualify that's another big one
and then typically persona is another
one to know so
if they're an sdr it's a very different
situation than obviously if they're a
marketing manager with budget for
example so those would be the three that
i would try to stick in there as much as
you can um but it is you definitely
don't want to end up with 20 fields and
scare people away
yeah yeah yeah focus on the crucial ones
you need sure
sure thing um
what are your thoughts on the about us
page of websites because i know quite a
lot of sites have quite a high volume of
traffic that go to their about page
any any thoughts on how you should build
those
so at least in my experience it's a lot
of the time you'll see people going to
the about page and then going to the
careers page so it tends to be
people that either just applied or
they're through the interview process
and trying to do their homework
um but in my experience i haven't seen
that page do a lot
for sales i could be wrong but that's
just been my experience i'm curious what
you think yeah
i'm kind of the same mindset like ours
gets quite a good portion of our website
visitors to check it out
but how powerful how much of an impact
on it i'm not 100 in terms of kind of
conversion side of things
my only two sense is that too many about
us pages again just take the kind of
company-centric view and just say look
right i mean it's in the title of the
page right it's going to be yeah exactly
so then it's maybe that's why i do value
it but i kind of like dave gerhart's
approach where he's
you know the founder brand talking about
your company's story so rather than
saying
look we've been around for 100 years and
we've won all these awards more just
giving a snapshot of this is why we
started the company this is literally
what customers typically come with us to
solve this problem or to make their life
better in this way or to grow their
business in this way these are the three
ways that we can um help you
and then perhaps some call to actions
maybe kind of view some more case
studies here's some social proof some
some client stories and then here's a
shortcut if you want to request a demo
just just kind of to the point really
just speaking to pain points and guiding
people in the right right direction it
doesn't have to be much more complex
than that in my thought my opinion
anyway
right i do think it's a nice especially
if you do have an interesting founder
story that's a good place to put it
please don't put it on the homepage so
that's a good place to move it if yeah
if you're getting pressure to put that
on the home page um and it's it could be
a good page to send press to just to get
a high level overview of how the
company's grown i've seen some really
cool pages that have kind of an
interactive timeline of we started in a
dorm room with three people and now we
have 200 employees so that kind of story
is interesting
but for me as a prospect it's definitely
not a page that i prioritize if i'm
checking out different tools
yep so yeah keep it simple
yeah any other thoughts
general points in terms of pages or in
terms of kind of setup or features for
for best practices for lead gen on b2b
sites
yeah i think the number one thing
again is just messaging in your offer so
think about those before writing the
page a page to subscribe to your
newsletter is very different or should
be very different than a demo page so
think about why people are going to be
landing on that page where they're
coming from where you're sending them
from and what they would expect on that
page so start there and then kind of
build out as you go but that would be my
advice
yeah yeah yeah sure and i mean some pet
peeves from websites from my side of
things that i think often hinder lead
gen uh
page speed
which i moan about all the time because
it's basically the silent killer of
websites
so right
that's a tough one i'm curious from your
perspective so we have obviously a ton
of different tools and we're always
trying new ones but anytime we add new
scripts on our site or new tools
that's it's always a concern of mine but
i'm more interested in using the tool
than worrying about site speed so how do
you help people decide what comes yeah
so i mean i
ideally if you've got a site and you're
driving people to it you're doing some
kind of marketing advertising i'd say
you want it as close to one second load
speed as possible and below two seconds
no doubt
um
reason being is think of it if you're a
buyer like let's say i don't know you
really need to help with crm and you're
typing like best crm for mid-sized
company
you click on the first organic search
where you click on a paid ad on google
but the site is it's just not loading
perhaps you're on your mobile perhaps
you're out and about
and it's just not loading and you're
thinking well i'm frustrated now this
has given me a bad first perception of
the brand i'm going to close this window
i'm going to go to the next listing the
next listing loads lightning quick okay
i'm requesting a demo i've completely
ignored that brand and it's given me a
bad taste in my mouth
just because it took so long to load
um and i'm probably that's especially
true i mean if they're selling a martech
tool that's kind of scary if their
website can't live something's going on
exactly so i mean some i don't know what
you've seen tara but some common things
that can cause that could be stuff like
if you're on wordpress or a similar open
source web platform it might be you've
got too many plugins
perhaps the platform's outdated
perhaps you're trying to load too much
at once like a load of videos a load of
high-res images a load of javascript and
massive banners so it's trying to load
all this stuff at once and it's just not
working um so yeah we actually just we
recently moved off of wordpress for that
reason just because we just had so many
old plugins and old things in there and
we had changes on the team so we weren't
sure what we could get rid of and it
would it did definitely slow us down so
we moved and now starting fresh on a new
platform
no that's great i think it's just one of
those things like as soon as you load a
site you want it to load fast and then
it comes into all these things we've
talked about about message offer social
proof and then
letting people easily get in touch
yeah if they can't wait i mean if they
have to wait for a couple seconds to see
what that offer is i think you're
already losing some people so that's a
good point
do you have any thoughts on educating
prospects so perhaps
using your site as an education tool
maybe for people that aren't necessarily
ready to buy right now but perhaps want
to learn more about kind of your
industry or how you can help
yeah i think that's a great place for
something like a blog or a newsletter so
we don't do traditional um lead
nurturing at chile piper so we if you
book a demo you're on track to speak
with a sales rep and you're kind of on
your way if you don't book a demo you
might see some of our retargeting ads
but you're not going to be thrown into
an email nurture cadence unless you
raise your hand and sign up for the
newsletter so
i think a newsletter is a great way to
keep people kind of keep them warm keep
them informed about what's going on with
your company
but i don't believe in the old school
kind of forcing people down nurture
tracks i just don't think
that really works and it just risks
honestly kind of just rubbing people the
wrong way they're trying to learn
they're not trying to be forced down
this specific path so
yeah yeah i think a lot of people were
quite wary aren't they of email nurture
and it's been around a long time
so i think typically if someone wants to
get in touch with you they will
exactly they know how to do it hopefully
your speed is fine and they can figure
out how to get to the right page on your
site um but i do think for something
like a site menu less is more so figure
out where you want to send people and
again resources or your blog section is
a great place to have people kind of
poke around if they're not
ready to raise their hand and speak with
you yet so make sure that you have your
great content front and center when they
do get to that section
cool um and i guess just kind of closing
points uh
we talked about a lot about actually
capturing the leads when people are on
the site
any
any best best best channels that tend to
work for yourselves or for any other
businesses that you know tara when it
comes to actually driving prospects or
ideal prospects to the site in the first
place to actually get that traffic to
then be converted into leads
sure so i mean an obvious one for b2b
but linkedin is consistently just a
strong channel it's obviously the
easiest on terms of targeting for b2b
and we also use a tool called metadata
to help us target on the technographic
side so i mentioned that we work best
with companies that use specific crm so
we're able to overlay things like
persona industry targeting with those
technographics so figuring out what
tools they have on their site and that
allows us to send those audiences to
linkedin and facebook so we can reach
those people wherever they are on social
pretty much everyone is going to be on
one of those channels
and we're testing out we haven't done a
ton of this just yet
but we're moving some of our budget over
to things like newsletters podcast
sponsorships just like this one um just
to reach more people in places that they
organically spend their time
and i think that gives us a little bit
more control over not just the message
but also
things like linkedin and facebook's
algorithm can change all the time but
a lot of these podcasts and newsletters
sponsorships are just our subscriptions
sorry are just growing and they're
growing at such a great rate so it helps
us reach people right in their inbox and
get in front of them there so we're
seeing a lot of success with things like
just local newsletters or more of micro
influencer type things
awesome good stuff that's it i mean
that's that's one of the main things
isn't it be to be actually reaching
people where they're at
on the channels that they use day to day
rather than trying to force things down
people's necks actually realizing look
they listen to podcasts or our buyers
listen check out newsletters or they're
hanging out on linkedin or
they're using search and
that's that's make our advertising
that's not our marketing compelling and
engaging and educational on the channels
our buyers use rather exactly
cool um any closing points tara any any
final kind of things just to make sure
we've covered all angles lead gen on
sites
i think we've covered quite a bit i
think the only other thing i mentioned
this quickly but we do use a tool to
fill in a bunch of form fields on the
back end so that's we use zoom info um
again clear bit is another great example
but i would look into tools like that if
you're finding yourself in a situation
where you do have one of those
really long forms and you're trying to
figure out how can we pull some of this
information without losing
those that data that we need to help
qualify people so i would look into one
of those for sure
awesome awesome well that said tara
thanks very much for coming on the show
really enjoyed the conversation
and me too
please do tell us more about how one
tuning in can learn from yourself how
they can connect with you and a bit more
about chili piper
great sure so i'm on linkedin of course
like every b2b marketer so feel free to
connect with me there
i'm also taking over our own podcast at
chili piper so it's called demand gen
chat and that'll be launching in a
couple of weeks so i'll keep
everyone informed on that and would love
it if you would go to chilipiper.com and
check it out let me know what you think
of our demo page specifically because
i'm spending some time optimizing that
right now so we'd love your
feedback awesome and we'll put all of
those links over on the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing so with that
tara thanks once again for coming on and
really enjoyed the show
thanks so much sam thank you
no worries and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode be sure to leave us a
quick rating on your podcast channel or
give us a quick subscribe on youtube and
with that we should catch you on the
next episode for more actionable
marketing tips to grow your business and
revenue cheers